# PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS. I am not maintainig this repo and Electron is likely to have critical security flaws by the time this is read

# About RAA Electron



RAA Electron is a GUI frontend for a C++ model rocket trajectory calculator (RAA Trajectory). Electron makes the program platform independent at the cost of increased memory overhead and slower startup times. RAA Electron will primarily be used on a Raspberry Pi for on-site calculations when launched model rockets. Data displays from arduinos will also be incorporated in the future.

RAA Electron strives to have fully seperate front and backends to improve ease of access for people editting and keep code organized. Having the more intense calculations done in the C++ portion of the program improves performance prevents I/O blocking in the user interface. The front and backend communicate with json and csv files. The json files contain passed parameters and specific output values while the csv contains the raw data output of the C++ backend. The GUI portion then reads in this data and creates plots of the data and displays key values in a data summary page. The ploting is powered by the Node module [Plotly.js](https://plot.ly/javascript) which provides clean looking graphs with minimal coding input. 

## Future Goals

1. Improve accuracy of calculations by including wind effects on the rocket.
	- Have an option to ignore wind or more complex lift effects to reduce calculation time for an estimate.
2. More parameters and control over rocket model and calculation. 
	- Potential to import CAD model or geometric paramters.
	- Data reduction to reduce the size of output csv and decrease load times when reading and graphing data.
3. Finish Start and Help page
	- Currently blank
4. Correct behavior of reset button on the Model Paramters page.
5. Data/status displays from arduino.
	- Minimize user interaction needed to get arduino data reads working correctly.

___
# Installation Directions

### Prerequisites

1. Make sure npm (Node Package Manager) and NodeJS are installed.
    - Use directions for installing on your system from [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
2. Make sure the GNU C++ compiler is installed and in your system path.
	- MinGW for Windows
	- For Mac, use https://www.cyberciti.biz/faq/howto-apple-mac-os-x-install-gcc-compiler/
	- GNU compiler comes with most, if not all, Linux Distros.
3. You can choose to install by cloning with Git or downloading and extracting the zip file.

### Git

1. Go to directory you wish to clone into
2. Run `git clone https://github.com/ccoverstreet/RAA-Electron.git .`
3. Run `npm run first_install`
	- This will run 'npm install' and the necessary setup scripts for RAA Electron.
4. If no errors occured, the program can be launched by running `npm start` in the same directory.

### Zip File
1. Extract files from zip or tar.gz container to desired program location
   	- It is recommended that you have read and write access to the location.
2. Navigate to extracted folder in terminal or command line.
3. Run `npm run first_install`
	- This will run 'npm install' and the necessary setup scripts for RAA Electron.
4. If no errors occured, the program can be launched by running `npm start` in the same directory.

___
# Design Info

- Color Palette: [Flat UI Colors](https://flatuicolors.com/palette/us)

### Useful Commands

Remember to run these commands from the root directory of RAA Electron.
- `npm run clean`:
	- This removes files and directories generated by the npm run first_install command like the compiled executables, 
	  node_modules directory, and data files transfered between the frontend and backend.
- `npm run cli`:
	- Starts the RAA Trajectory Command Line Interface (work in progress).
